I took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. yes, i used a machine gun. my lord! you're a tripod. your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! pull my finger! you wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off.

You wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours.

It's not the size mate, it's how you use it. yes, i used a machine gun. my lord! you're a tripod. my lord! you're a tripod. it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. yes, i used a machine gun. you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! it's not the size mate, it's how you use it.

You know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. pull my finger! you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! pull my finger! when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! you wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you?

A drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth. but no one should be asked to handle this trip. forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "raquel welch is one great piece of ass. forget about it!" but then, if you disagree, like "a lincoln is better than a cadillac? forget about it!" you know? but then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "minghia! those peppers! forget about it!" we had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a saltshaker half-full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers... what? no. we can't stop here. this is bat country. me? i'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. honestly. it's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid. giddy-up... no, no this way... good horsey. we're not sheep! well, then, i confess, it is my intention to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in tortuga, raid, pillage, plunder and otherwise pilfer my weasely black guts out. do you like my meadow? try some of my grass! please have a blade, please do, it's so delectable and so darn good looking! we're not sheep! holy jesus. what are these goddamn animals? a drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth. but no one should be asked to handle this trip.

What? no. we can't stop here. this is bat country. we are very much alike, you and i, i and you... us. me? i'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. honestly. it's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid. do you like my meadow? try some of my grass! please have a blade, please do, it's so delectable and so darn good looking! me? i'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. honestly. it's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid. well, then, i confess, it is my intention to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in tortuga, raid, pillage, plunder and otherwise pilfer my weasely black guts out. me? i'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. honestly. it's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid. forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "raquel welch is one great piece of ass. forget about it!" but then, if you disagree, like "a lincoln is better than a cadillac? forget about it!" you know? but then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "minghia! those peppers! forget about it!" we are very much alike, you and i, i and you... us. forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "raquel welch is one great piece of ass. forget about it!" but then, if you disagree, like "a lincoln is better than a cadillac? forget about it!" you know? but then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "minghia! those peppers! forget about it!" do you like my meadow? try some of my grass! please have a blade, please do, it's so delectable and so darn good looking! well, then, i confess, it is my intention to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in tortuga, raid, pillage, plunder and otherwise pilfer my weasely black guts out.

Holy jesus. what are these goddamn animals? we are very much alike, you and i, i and you... us. giddy-up... no, no this way... good horsey. we're not sheep! what? no. we can't stop here. this is bat country. we had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a saltshaker half-full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers... holy jesus. what are these goddamn animals? forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "raquel welch is one great piece of ass. forget about it!" but then, if you disagree, like "a lincoln is better than a cadillac? forget about it!" you know? but then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "minghia! those peppers! forget about it!" holy jesus. what are these goddamn animals? we had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a saltshaker half-full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers... what? no. we can't stop here. this is bat country. giddy-up... no, no this way... good horsey.

Do you like my meadow? try some of my grass! please have a blade, please do, it's so delectable and so darn good looking! well, then, i confess, it is my intention to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in tortuga, raid, pillage, plunder and otherwise pilfer my weasely black guts out. a drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth. but no one should be asked to handle this trip. giddy-up... no, no this way... good horsey. we had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a saltshaker half-full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers... a drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth. but no one should be asked to handle this trip. we are very much alike, you and i, i and you... us. we're not sheep!

Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. the second mouse, wouldn't quit. he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. he hid it in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. then, when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. what do you want me to say, that i'm sorry? that i apologize? well, people in hell want ice water, pal. selina! selina kyle, you're fired! and bruce wayne, why are you dressed up like batman? i got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell. i'm neglecting my other guests. enjoy yourself, you'll find the young ladies stimulating company. two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. the second mouse, wouldn't quit. he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. did you hear about the happy roman? he was "glad he ate her." this is america, babe, you gotta think big to be big. you got the wrong guy, ace! selina! selina kyle, you're fired! and bruce wayne, why are you dressed up like batman? this is america, babe, you gotta think big to be big.
You're talking to me all wrong... it's the wrong tone. you do it again and i'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. hey, tell me, does your mother sew? boom. get her to sew that! did you hear about the happy roman? he was "glad he ate her." you know why the yankees always win, frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. the second mouse, wouldn't quit. he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. selina! selina kyle, you're fired! and bruce wayne, why are you dressed up like batman? he hid it in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. then, when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. this is america, babe, you gotta think big to be big. i don't know what you want, but i know i can get it for you, with a minimum of fuss! money, jewels, a *very* big ball of string. what do you want me to say, that i'm sorry? that i apologize? well, people in hell want ice water, pal. you know why the yankees always win, frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. selina! selina kyle, you're fired! and bruce wayne, why are you dressed up like batman? you got the wrong guy, ace!

I got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell. did you hear about the happy roman? he was "glad he ate her." i don't know what you want, but i know i can get it for you, with a minimum of fuss! money, jewels, a *very* big ball of string. he hid it in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. then, when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. what do you want me to say, that i'm sorry? that i apologize? well, people in hell want ice water, pal. you got the wrong guy, ace! i got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell. i don't know what you want, but i know i can get it for you, with a minimum of fuss! money, jewels, a *very* big ball of string. you're talking to me all wrong... it's the wrong tone. you do it again and i'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. hey, tell me, does your mother sew? boom. get her to sew that! you know why the yankees always win, frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. the second mouse, wouldn't quit. he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. i don't know what you want, but i know i can get it for you, with a minimum of fuss! money, jewels, a *very* big ball of string.

I'm neglecting my other guests. enjoy yourself, you'll find the young ladies stimulating company. he hid it in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. then, when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. i thought about you every time i jerked off, dickhead. i'm neglecting my other guests. enjoy yourself, you'll find the young ladies stimulating company. did you hear about the happy roman? he was "glad he ate her." you're talking to me all wrong... it's the wrong tone. you do it again and i'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. hey, tell me, does your mother sew? boom. get her to sew that! what do you want me to say, that i'm sorry? that i apologize? well, people in hell want ice water, pal. this is america, babe, you gotta think big to be big. i thought about you every time i jerked off, dickhead. you got the wrong guy, ace! i'm neglecting my other guests. enjoy yourself, you'll find the young ladies stimulating company. i got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell.